website/docs: add info about new perms for super-user in groups (#13188)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/users-sources/groups/manage_groups.mdx

## Modify a group

> To edit the group's name, parent group, whether the group can grant superuser permissions, associated roles, and any custom attributes, click the Edit icon beside the role's name. Make the changes and then click **Update**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To edit the group's name, parent group, whether the group grants superuser permissions, associated roles, and any custom attributes, click the Edit icon beside the role's name. Make the changes and then click **Update**.
```
